[SPARK-39043][SQL] Spark SQL Hive client should not gather statistic by default. (#36377)
apache/spark: docs/sql-migration-guide.md

* Table of contents
{:toc}

## Upgrading from Spark SQL 3.3 to 3.4
  

>   - Since Spark 3.4, Spark disable `hive.stats.autogather` when create `HiveClientImpl`. To restore the behavior before Spark 3.4, you can set `spark.hadoop.hive.stats.autogather` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Since Spark 3.4, Spark disables `hive.stats.autogather` by default, which means Hive tables won't automatically update statistics that can be consumed by Hive (not Spark). To restore the behavior before Spark 3.4, you can set `spark.hadoop.hive.stats.autogather` to `true`.
```
